1.	Siyi Xian (siyixian)
Partner: Abigail Alwine (akalwine)
2.	Results: What did you accomplish? What worked, and what didn't?
Finish something about I/O in C. Learn something about how to get input from files and command line. Learn how to use getChar() and EOF. Create makefile which include compile process of building a C project. Correctly using -g -o -c and gcc in UNIX compiler. Learn basic stuff about RAM management and how pointer point to address on memory. Using make file over project has more than one C files. Learn how to combine them. Review gdb in UNIX. Learn how to debug through silo. Practice x command of gdb and view address on memory manually. Write own dump program. Learn how to use formatting output using printf and %. Know the difference between object types. Figure out how different types of objects occupied different space of memory. Handle special characters in output.
3.	The difficulties that arose (if any) and how you overcame them. (Here's where you can brag about your cleverness.) If you were unable to overcome a difficulty, tell us what the obstacle was.
When we do formatting stuff, it is kind of hard to figure out where we wrong, and It is very hard to do alignment. We try to do them one column by one column from left to right. 
4.	Tell at least one thing that you learned. You should be able to look back at your lab reports later (like when studying for exams) and get a nice list of the main things you learned (hint, hint). Or, if you didn't learn anything, say so, and tell what the problem is. If you aren't learning at any point in the course, we want to know so that so we can meet your needs and improve the course.
When we want to use printf to output a float type object, we need to use double type to format it which means we have to use %e instead of %f to make actual valuable output. Makefile mush be in order, because that is the instruction computer read our plan. We can add clean function in makefile. We just need to type command in UNIX of remove files to delete some during clean process. Remember never delete makefiel, *.c, and test files.

